README.md, before:

# Deefour.me

http://deefour.me - My personal website.

(c) 2012 Jason Daly (jason@deefour.me)

## Description

Deefour.me is my personal online profile; a static site running on [Amazon S3](http://aws.amazon.com/s3/) through their [static website hosting](http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/WebsiteHosting.html) built with [Brunch](http://brunch.io/).

## Code Used

The following packages/libraries/services have been used

  - [Brunch](http://brunch.io/)
  - [Modernizr](http://modernizr.com/)
  - [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/)
  - [Zurb Foundation](http://foundation.zurb.com/)
  - [Compass](http://compass-style.org/)
  - [s3cmd](http://s3tools.org/s3cmd) for deploys
  - [jQuery](http://jquery.com/)
  - [Lettering.js](https://github.com/deefour/lettering.js)
  - [Underscore.js](http://underscorejs.org/)
  - [Amazon S3](http://aws.amazon.com/s3/) for hosting
  - [CloudFlare](https://cloudflare.com) for DNS
  - [Typekit](https://typekit.com) for headings

### Version 1.0.0 - November 09 2012

Initial project release

Commit message:

Changing text to align more accurately with where my current interests lie

README.md, after:

# Deefour.me

http://deefour.me - My personal website.

(c) 2012 Jason Daly (jason@deefour.me)

## Description

Deefour.me is my personal online profile; a static site running on [Amazon S3](http://aws.amazon.com/s3/) through their [static website hosting](http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/WebsiteHosting.html) built with [Brunch](http://brunch.io/).

## Code Used

The following packages/libraries/services have been used

  - [Brunch](http://brunch.io/)
  - [Modernizr](http://modernizr.com/)
  - [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/)
  - [Zurb Foundation](http://foundation.zurb.com/)
  - [Compass](http://compass-style.org/)
  - [s3cmd](http://s3tools.org/s3cmd) for deploys
  - [jQuery](http://jquery.com/)
  - [Lettering.js](https://github.com/deefour/lettering.js)
  - [Underscore.js](http://underscorejs.org/)
  - [Amazon S3](http://aws.amazon.com/s3/) for hosting
  - [CloudFlare](https://cloudflare.com) for DNS
  - [Typekit](https://typekit.com) for headings

## Installation

The following [`s3cmd`](http://s3tools.org/s3cmd) command should be run with the root of this repo as the current working directory.

```bash
s3cmd -P sync public/* s3://www.deefour.me
```

### Version 1.0.0 - November 09 2012

Initial project release
